# 高盛认为接下去4个月AI投资大家应该考虑的10个问题：

- **形式**: 长文（无媒体）
- **作者**: 一束光线 · 圈主
- **时间**: 2024-09-04 00:12 · 上海
- **标签**: #美股
- **统计**: 👍 0 / 💬 0 / 🔄 0
- **feed_id**: d_66d7355a4938f_pTNBZZJR4T5F
- **feeds_type**: 1
- **created_at**: 2024-09-04 00:12:10

## 正文



1. IT Spending: a handful of datapoints to support the “things are stabilizing” view out there (DELL / CSCO / CRM all sported relatively upbeat tones / results), which lines up with price action as Enterprise Tech / Services &gt; Semis over the last ~2-months .. decent debate on linearity down the stretch of 2024 (esp with the Election) as investors look for stable/accelerating growth into 2025. Not to mention, a huge wave of Software user conferences & events in the coming weeks (CRM, WDAY, INTU, ORCL, HUBS, CRWD & more).

2.GenAI: how to think about the NVDA bull case for 2025+ data center revs vs where cons estimates sit for hyperscaler capex?

3. GenAI: how does the market think about the (potentially) burgeoning cost of frontier models / LLMs (even if one believes in the upside outcomes and the long-term ROIs, what is the “path” for stocks to get there?)

4. Does the U.S. Election end up mattering for TMT risk? Or just a sector / factor tilt impact as we get closer to November?

5.Internet: as we get into conference season, cue the debate about how to think about the “strong” 3Q topline guides / prints (UBER, AMZN, DASH, META types) vs the ‘softer’ guides (EXPE, BKNG, ABNB, PINS, SNAP): prefer the co’s executing well or the ones that may have guided “conservatively”. Yes, this is a very tactical thought.
 
6.GenAI: do we get more signs of engagement & monetization – Meta AI Assistant or CRM’s Agentforce (Benioff goal = 1 billion agents by end of FY26) or MSFT Co-Pilot

7. Is the software issue cyclical (AI spending crowding out core spending) or secular (GenAI pressures / platform shift) ? Despite the prevailing ‘dialogue’ out there, feels like most investors ‘want’ to believe it is the former.

8.GenAI: any signs of “AI at the Edge” becoming a trend (iPhone launch + HP Inc forecasting AI PCs to be 50% of shipments in '27) – and if so, does this change app / workflow usage?

9.Semis: into 2Q earning season (with the SOX at the highs), the Semiconductor bull case was increasingly about a potential ‘super-cycle’ (e.g. tight pricing / capacity driven by broad-based end-mrkt recovery + ongoing A.I. demand pull). While Q2 earnings may have put that view on hold (Autos down-ticked, PCs / ‘Phones just ‘ok’, Industrials choppy), imagine as rate cuts get underway (with ISM data humming around trough / sub-50), it may not take long for investors to “dream the dream” again?

10.Other events & debate to watch: are Robotaxis a thing or not (TSLA event on 10/10); GOOG regulatory proceedings (bank-shots to AAPL + broader SMID Internet) ..


